Cryptodoc update for TPM 2.0 Wrapper (#250)
sehlen-bsi/botan-docs: docs/testspec/src/18_tpm.rst

   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Preconditions:**     | The TPM 2.0 software emulator is running and provisioned properly       |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Input Values:**      | - TCTI name and config                                                  |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Expected Output:**   | The TPM's RNG never produces an all-zero output                         |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Steps:**             | #. Create a TPM2 context                                                |
   |                        |                                                                         |
   |                        | #. Create a ``TPM2::RandomNumberGenerator`` object                      |
   |                        |                                                                         |

>    |                        | #. Create a random buffer of 8 bytes and pass 30 bytes of entropy       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                        | #. Create a random buffer of 9 bytes and pass 30 bytes of entropy       |
```

   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Input Values:**      | - TCTI name and config                                                  |
   |                        | - persistent key ID of an RSA key                                       |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Expected Output:**   | n/a                                                                     |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Steps:**             | #. Create a TPM2 context and an unauthenticated session                 |
   |                        |                                                                         |
   |                        | #. Instantiate the passed persistent RSA key pair using an incorrect    |
   |                        |    authentication value                                                 |
   |                        |                                                                         |

>    |                        | #. Check that the signature creatino fail with a "TPM2 Error"           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                        | #. Check that the signature creation fails with a "TPM2 Error"           |
```

   | **Description:**       | Encryption/Decryption of a message using RSA                            |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Preconditions:**     | The TPM 2.0 software emulator is running and provisioned properly       |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Input Values:**      | - TCTI name and config                                                  |
   |                        | - persistent key ID of an RSA key                                       |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Expected Output:**   | n/a                                                                     |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Steps:**             | #. Create a TPM2 context and an unauthenticated session                 |
   |                        |                                                                         |

>    |                        | #. Instantiate the passed persistent RSA key pair using an incorrect    |

Reviewer: incorrect?

Author: Copypasta from the previous table. Thanks.

   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Input Values:**      | - TCTI name and config                                                  |
   |                        | - persistent key ID of an ECDSA key                                     |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Expected Output:**   | n/a                                                                     |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Steps:**             | #. Create a TPM2 context and an unauthenticated session                 |
   |                        |                                                                         |
   |                        | #. Instantiate the passed persistent ECDSA key pair using an incorrect  |
   |                        |    authentication value                                                 |
   |                        |                                                                         |

>    |                        | #. Check that the signature creatino fail with a "TPM2 Error"           |

Reviewer: see above

   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Preconditions:**     | The TPM 2.0 software emulator is running and provisioned properly       |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Input Values:**      | - TCTI name and config                                                  |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Expected Output:**   | n/a                                                                     |
   +------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | **Steps:**             | #. Create a TPM2 context and an authenticated session via the Storage   |
   |                        |    Root Key                                                             |
   |                        |                                                                         |
   |                        | #. Create a transient unrestricted key with the auth_value "secret" and |

>    |                        |    the elliptic curve "secp521r1"                                       |

Reviewer: technically some of the tests listed here are secp192 or 384. Maybe omit the curve?

Author: good idea.
